Add documentation on public test suites (#2572)
buildkite/docs: pages/test_analytics/public_test_suites.md

# Public test suites

If you're working on an open-source project, and want the whole world to be able to see your test analytics, you can make your test suite public.

Making a suite public provides read-only public/anonymous access to:

- All test suite data
- Run results

> - Tests

Reviewer: This might read as though the test code is public, when actually it's the analytics?

> - Test executions
> - Test execution span data
> - Test suite environmental variables

Reviewer: I'm pretty sure "span data" is a buildkite concept, and it doesn't apply to all users so could be good to be more specific here. Maybe something closer to:
```suggestion
- Test execution data. For those using buildkites ruby test collector this includes SQL query data, HTTP request paths and the execution timeline for test-collector-ruby users 
- Run environmental variables
```

Author: I pulled this from our confirmation popup to make suites public, would we also need to update that there?
<img width="368" alt="Screenshot 2023-11-29 at 11 25 34 AM" src="https://github.com/buildkite/docs/assets/25017977/62447ba5-2ed9-4317-8ec5-60580f17b69d">

Reviewer: Hm, not sure? Keen for @jasmine-q's take, as the variables relate to a run, not a suite per se.

# Public test suites

If you're working on an open-source project, and want the whole world to be able to see your test analytics, you can make your test suite public.

> Making a suite public gives read-only access to all users. This means that users who are unauthenticated, or belong to another organization, are able to view:

Reviewer 2: General nitpicks:

```suggestion
Making a suite public gives read-only access to all users. This means users who are unauthenticated or belong to another organization can view the following:
```

- All test suite data
- Run results
- Test analytics
- Test executions

> - Test execution data. For those using Buildkite's ruby test collector this includes SQL query data, HTTP request paths and the execution timeline.

Reviewer 2: Capitals and commas

```suggestion
- Test execution data. For those using Buildkite's Ruby test collector, this includes SQL query data, HTTP request paths, and the execution timeline.
```

- Environment variables that occur on each run:

>   + `commit_sha` `branch` `message` `url` `number` `job_id`

Reviewer 2: Let's give each one a bullet point:

```suggestion
  + `commit_sha`
  + `branch`
  + `message`
  + `url`
  + `number`
  + `job_id`
```

> Before making a suite public, you should verify that runs do not expose sensitive information in their logs or environment variables — this applies to both new and historical runs.

Reviewer 2: Style nitpick: Just use simple sentences here.

```suggestion
Before making a suite public, you should verify that runs do not expose sensitive information in their logs or environment variables. This applies to both new and historical runs.
```

## Make a test suite public using the UI

> A test suite can be made public in the _Settings_ of a suite:

Reviewer 2: Make active:

```suggestion
You make a test suite public from the suite's _Settings_:
```

<%= image "settings.png", width: 1960/2, height: 630/2, alt: "Public test suite settings" %>

> Permission to make a test suite public is reserved for organization admins initially. Admins are able to extend this permission to all organization members via the _Security_ tab in the organization settings.

Reviewer 2: Style nitpicks:

```suggestion
Only organization admins have permission to make a test suite public by default. Admins can extend this permission to all organization members from the _Security_ tab in the organization settings.
```

# Public test suites

If you're working on an open-source project, and want the whole world to be able to see your test analytics, you can make your test suite public.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
